docs(ins): rework naming (#5425)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/kubernetes/api-cli/creating-managing-kubernetes-lifecycle-cliv2.mdx

A pool is a set of identical nodes. A pool has a name, a size (its current number of nodes), nodes number limits (min and max), and a Scaleway Instance type.

<Message type="note">

>   Instance type with insufficient (less than 4GB) memory are not eligible to become nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Instance type with insufficient (less than 4 GB) memory are not eligible to become nodes.
```
